1. Hours to complete the project: 12 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Autocomplete Term): In going about this problem, I used the pdf,
   screencast, and checklist. In implementing this file, I didn't run into too
   many issues. The only issue worth mentioning is my implementation of
   compare in the private PrefixOrder class. I eventually figured out that I
   had to not just compare the substring lengths but to actually use the
   lengths to get the substrings and use the String compareTo() to compare
   them.

   Problem 2 (Binary Search Deluxe): Once again, I used the pdf, screencast,
   and checklist for guidance. I also looked at the slide in charge of binary
   search for reference when writing the binary search part of the
   implementation. A problem I ran into was how to compare key with a[mid].
   In the slide example, the arguments were integers, but here my arguments
   were generic. I realized that I needed to use compare from the comparator
   and use the return from that call to compare with 0. The screencast came
   in handy when it came to differentiating the implementation for
   firstIndexOf() and lastIndexOf().

   Problem 3 (Autocomplete): Like the previous 2 problems, I used the pdf,
   screencast and checklist to go about this problem. Some issues I faced
   along the way included out-of-bounds errors and null pointer exceptions.
   I also faced issues with how to copy terms into my array in allMatches()
   and how to actually reverse-sort the array. I did some exploring and
   found Arrays.copyOfRange() to be useful when copying the array to the
   other and clone() when copying terms to this.terms defensively in the
   constructor. Finally, I was able to overcome those issues, and after
   asking Professor Iyer about allMatches(), I learned that I needed to
   pass the reversing comparator into Arrays.sort().
   
3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   Swami Iyer         Professor    Explanation

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   All in all, while this project was mostly straightforward for the most
   part, I still felt challenged. Using the interfaces is still something
   I'm trying to get better at understanding, even though I was able to
   properly use them here. With that said, I actually got a better
   understanding of how comparator works by doing this project. I feel
   happy about being able to do this project and look forward to learning
   more.
