1. Hours to complete the project: 48 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Board Data Type): To go about this problem, I used the checklist
   screencast, and pdf. The first problem I faced was in implementing the
   blankPos() helper method. I had to think about how to actually get the
   blank tile's position according to row-major order. I discovered after
   looking at the matrix examples that it could be found using i * N + j.
   I also inially had inversions() wrong, but I eventually fixed it.
   for cloneTiles, I initially thought about aliasing, but figured out that
   what I was doing would work. Calculating hamming and manhattan initially
   vague to me, until I realized that the calculation should occur in the
   constructor rather than in the actual methods themselves; which just
   return the hamming and manhattan variables respectively. The manhattan
   calculation definitely took more thinking than the hamming one. neighbors()
   was also a struggle until I figured out how to get i and j from the
   blankPos() call and deal with the out ouf bounds issues. Other than that,
   every other method implementation was mostly clear.

   Problem 2 (Solver Data Type): Like the previous problem, I also used the
   checklist, screencast, and pdf. Initially, I struggled with how to "get"
   solution when the board at the node is the goal board. I realized that
   it can be done by pushing the node's board into the solution LinkedStack
   using a while loop until the previous node is null. Then I had to recall
   how to use the Iterable object and have the right conditions in the if
   and else if statements. I also needed to remember how to incoporate the
   helper comparators and realized that I should pass either one when
   initializing the priority queue.

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   ...                ...          ...

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   All in all, I felt that the checklist and overal guidance for the project
   was more vague than usual. This project really required a lot of thinking
   and required the ability to recall how to use the interface constructs well.
   With all the thinking and debugging that went into this project, I feel very
   rewarded and look forward to what projects come down the road.
