1. Hours to complete the project: 12 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Model a Percolation System): I utilized the pdf, checklist, and
   screencast in order to go about doing this project. My initial issue was
   knowing how to use Union Find because I initially thought that this problem
   could be done without it. Turns out, it's actually more efficient with it.
   After looking at the checklist and watching the screencast, it became
   clearer to me. At first, I didn't know how to implement the private method
   encode(), but after going on Piazza, I was able to. Finally, I was facing
   out of bounds errors with open(), but thanks to consulting Piazza and some
   thinking, I figured out where I went wrong.

   Problem 2 (Estimate Percolation Threshold): This part of the project was
   more straightforward, but I did have to do some debugging. I realized that
   my issue laid in the constructor. I needed to correct my denominator when
   calculating the fraction to store in p[]. I also needed to type cast that
   calculation to a double. I also didn't know what StdStats was for, but I
   looked at the documentation and found that I could use it for the mean.

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   ...                ...          ...

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   All in all, this project made me think and was a good way to start off the
   second semester. While I have done this briefly is the past before, this
   assignment is also the first time I really got to throw error exceptions.
   Once I understood what needed to be done, I began to make good progress
   and now feel rewarded for doing it.
